Problem with plot range and offsets:
Make a plot with the Y range from -0.75 to 0.4.  It goes into base/offset mode 
and it shouldn't.

---------

Plot sizes are not properly recovered on re-load
Create a plot in kst.  Cleanup Layout->automatic
 -the plot now ~fills the window.
save it.
load it
  -the plot is now smaller than it was.
It should be the same size as it started.
** it is now much better than it used to be.  The shift is now only a few pixels **

------------

Shared axis zoom usage problem:
Create a shared axis zoom box with multiple plots in a column.
  -there is no option to indicate or change whether the plots are tied.

Zoom into one of them.
  -All plots do exactly the same zoom, as if they were tied.

Correct behavior:
  -The shared axis box should have 'share X axis' and 'share Y axis' options
   which are settable from the object dialog.
  -If only the x axis is shared, then only the x axis is tied; if only 
   the y axis is shared, only the y axis is tied.
  -If axis are shared, and the plots are aligned to within 1% of the 
   size of the top level view, then intermediate axis/labels
   will be surpressed.
  -If axis are shared, then they must always have exactly the same
   range and mode.  So 'M' (autoscale) must be set to the Max/Min 
   over all of the plots in the shared box, not each inividually.
  -sharing one axis does not effect the behavior of the other; so:
  -There should still be tied zoom indicators.
  -If the tied zoom indicators are not checked, then the unshared axis
   should behave as if they were not shared or tied.

Creation Heuristics:
  -If all of the plots in the creation box have the same X range, then
   'share X axis' should be set; analogously for the Y axis.
  -If, by the above rules, neither 'share X axis' nor 'share Y axis'
   would be set, then 'share X axis' will be set.
  -Upon being shared, all plots in the shared box must have the same
   range and mode; set the range and mode to that of an arbitrary plot
   in the shared box (eg, the first in the list).


Note:  Many changes have already been made.  Awaiting review.
------------------------------

Bugs Reported by D.V. Wiebe


2. data source text box doesn't recognise initial ~ as a euphemism for
the user's home directory.

[ Related bug from Nicholas:]
In the data wizard or in the data manager, select the data from a file by giving the path relative to the folder where kst was started. The plot appears without problem. Save the kst file in the same folder where kst was started. Close Kst from the same place and reopen the kst file. It cannot plot the data. But if you go in the data manager and edit a specific vector from the file, it will be plotted.
[cbn: under linux, relative file names don't seem to work at all.]

5. All the dialog boxes appear to be modal now (they block interaction
with the main window while open).  This slows me down significanlly.
(I find I'm constantly opening and closing dialogs)

9. Plotting too many decades in, the x- or y-log axis results in "y-log
base-and-offset mode", giving, say, a base of 100, and tick labels
"-[99.9999]", "[0]", "+[9999900]", "+[1e12]", "+[1e17]" instead of
"0.001", "100", "1000000", "1e12","1e17".  (Although I'd argue that, if
we're going to label in 5 decade intervals, 1e-5, 1, 1e5, 1e10 is
better, and even better than that would be 6 decade intervals: 1e-6, 1,
1e6, 1e12)

13. Hitting shift changes into y-zoom mode forever, rather than just
changing it while shift is depressed.  After doing this it's difficult
to get back to xy-zoom mode.  (I have to right click twice to open and
close the context menu.)
(cbn says 'not confirmed - more info needed)

----------------

1) Open the „about“ dialog box and click on a link. Nothing happens, everything disappears in the box. If kst was started from the command line, you get:
QFSFileEngine::open: No file name specified
QTextBrowser: No document for http://kst.kde.org/
(NB/windows.  Confirmed by CBN/linux)

4) When configuring Kst: “Settings>Configure kst” many settings are not taken into account, such as the grid settings, and disappear by the next start of kst. (NB/windows. )
Under linux, the font configuration options behave properly, except that a re-draw needs to be triggered - eg, window resize.

Related bug:
  It is not clear from the dialog that grid and color options are defaults for new plots.  The text should be modified
  to make this clear.

5) When starting Kst from a different folder, it creates another kstdatarc in the current folder instead of having one fixed rc file stored somewhere
cbn note: this appears to be masked using the run-kst script - which which sets the cwd to the directory where the script is located (I think).  The kstdatarc file should live in the standard kde config directory (on my machine, this is ~/.kde/share/config, but we need to verify where it is on Windows and Mac.

---------------------
   1. In the « edit plot item » dialog: the size of this dialog box is not scalable. Problem is that the size is computed with the longest name of all the curves in the plot. And these names can be very long if automatically generated… Maybe I should order a 3rd screen ;)
   2. “Configure ASCII file” : -it seems that these settings are not saved as global settings, but for each file ! Such that for my 10^5 files having the same format, I have to define 10^5 the same ascii format. It may be useful to have global settings and to overwrite them with settings stored in the .kst files. Note: I informed him that it was possible to edit manually the kstdatarc file to get the desired result, but a global setting UI has to be provided at some point.

   4. Reloading a previously saved kst files seems to forget all the “configure ascii file” settings (in particularly “read fields names from”) so that no vector can be generated because kst tries to read an unknown field! This may explain why the relative path names did not work (see bug reported earlier). In the meantime, it has been confirmed that reloading works with the appropriate kstdatarc file in the right place.
   5. For the « kst --help » I first get the message

“Runtime Error! Program: c:\Program\klst\bin\kst.exe This application has requested the runtim to terminate it in an unusual way. Please contact the application’s support team for more information.”

Then kst closes and and I get the help in the console (cygwin) in the windows cmd.exe I don’t get any help…

   6. I did not found an option for forcing the use of a specific kstdatarc file. Meaning that now I’m having a kstdatarc in each folder where I want to start kst.
   7. Even if I don’t modify anything on a kst file (no click at all) kst always ask for saving the changes on closing.
   9. the font resizing does not work so well as in the 1.7. If you resize the windows, the fonts are not resized so well. It may come from the windows fonts. I tried several different fonts but did not succeed to get a clear one. Note: it seems to be somewhat better with the latest changes.
  10. would it be possible to have the kst file name written in the windows title? (or the current path where you are or something configurable?)