Zoom Mode Plot Bugs:
  -Zooming gets slower the more points there are in the curves. It should
  always be fast.


Zoom lines not updated on <ctrl> or <shift>
what happens:
  Put the mouse in a plot and depress <ctrl>.  Nothing Happens.
  Now move the mouse.  A vertical line appears where the mouse is.
  Move the mouse around.  The line follows the mouse.
  Now release <ctrl>.  The line stays until the mouse is moved again.
What should happen:
  The line should appear when <ctrl> is pressed, and disappear when
  <ctrl> is released, independent of mouse moves.
  
Tied X-Only (<ctrl>) zooms adjust X and Y.
What happens:
  create two plots (eg, 1 of gyrodata.dat col 1 and one from gyrodata.dat 
  col 2).  Make sure they have different Y ranges.  Tie their zooms.  Now
  adjust the X-range only from one plot with <ctrl>+mouse.  Both plots end up
  with the same X and Y range.
What should happen:
  Only the X range should change.


Rotated labels in boxes drift on resize...
Create a box in kst.  Put a label in the box.  Rotate the label.
Repeatedly resize the box.
What Happens:
  The location of the label in the box drifts (so when the box is set back to
  its original position, the label is not in its original position).
What Should happen:
  location of the label should stay fixed relative to the size of the box,
  so that when the box is returned to its original size, the label returns
  to its original position.
Note: if the text label is not rotated, it doesn't seem to drift.

Label Parsing
place a special characters in a plot label (eg, \omega in the X axis label).
The special character is not interpreted.  It should be.
Note: it is interpreted properly in floating labels.


Plot ranges don't update.
Create a plot with a curve of sine vs INDEX from dm.cur.  Read from end the last 100 frames.  In the plot hit 'm'.
What happens:
  As the curve is updated it dissappears from the plot.  Hitting 'm' recenters the curve.
What should happen:
  In 'm' zoom mode, the plot ranges should dynamically update to cover the full range of the curve on every curve update (As if you were holding 'm' down continuously.  Try kst1.x for a demonstration of the appropriate behavior.

Crash deleting last tab:
start kst, and in the only tab, select rmb->close.  CRASH!
This is especially a problem since this is what TabWidget->clear() does.  TabWidget->clear() is used when opening
a file to get rid of all of the old tabs.   As a temp hack (to allow file opening) clear() is not called on file open,
so all of the old tabs linger after opening a file.  This should be reverted once the bug is fixed.

-----------
Editing a slave vector from a vector selector should bring up the
edit dialog for the provider.  Instead it brings up a vector edit 
dialog.... not what is wanted and won't work anyway.
(cbn to fix this)

-----------
Editing a slave scalar from a scalar selector should bring up the
edit dialog for the provider.  Instead it brings up a scalar edit 
dialog.... not what is wanted and won't work anyway.
(cbn to fix this)

----------
Cur files no longer work.
Select a cur file from dirfile_maker.  It thinks its a ascii file.

--------
Problems reading files from the command line
  ascii files can't find any fields from the command line

--------
Only dirfiles can be chosen from the data wizard.
  ascii files can't find any fields

--------
Update curve after editing equation
Create a plot with a curve from an equation.
    eg, x = 0..100, y = x
Put the plot in auto zoom ('m') mode.
Edit the equation to change its Y range
    eg, x = 0..100, y = 2x
On apply, nothing changes.
Do something that causes the curve to redraw (eg, resize the window).
The curve redraws, but the Y zoom range stays at the old range.  'm' resets to the old zoom range.
Now edit the curve, do nothing, and hit OK.  Still no change.
Now do something to redraw the plot.  'm' mode now works.

-------
Butterworth low-pass crashes.
  create a plot, apply filter with order=4, lowpass = 0.01.  Crash.
  
-------
When chosing to filter a curve from the plot rmb, the input vectors should be fixed to the right thing:
  eg, Butterworth low pass Y vector should be fixed to the Y vector of the curve selected in the RMB menu.

-------
Entering a numerical value into a scalar selector should create a scalar of that value, if there is not
already a scalar of that name.  This is particularly important for plugin entries.  It can be created when
the scalar that the selector has selected is asked for.

--------
Ascii file configure button troubles I: it doesn't work.
  Configure from the data wizard brings up the configuration dialog, but applying it does nothing.

--------
Ascii file configure button troubles I: it crashes
  Configure from the vector dialog crashes kst

--------
Filters should have default values
  eg, low pass filter should default to order = 4, lowpass  = 0.1: see 1.x for defaults.

-------
Problems with file selector
If you browse to select a dirfile, the name of the previous dirfile has been put into "File name:" entry.  So you have to erase it to select a dirfile.
Of course, selecting a data file replaces the old name with a new one, but there is no way to clear it selecting a dirfile.
If the 'current file' is a dirfile, then the File name entry should be blank.
Either:
  always clear the current file: entry when a directory is changed, and don't fill it in the first place if the default file is a directory
Or:
  Check to see if the current directory is recognized as a valid datasource - if it is, clear the current file entry.

--------
Change data sample range tool doesn't use defaults.
---------

Accelerators for the plot edit dialog:
'E' should bring up the plot edit dialog

---------

Places where text labels are entered need string and scalar selectors to aid in the insertion of 
strings and scalars (eg, primarily label editor)

---------

Missing tabs in plot dialog:
  -There is no tab to set size, position, and rotation.  There should be.
*cbn*
