1) Problems with lines and arrows:
Start kst
Create a box in the right hand side of the tlv, that does not fill the tlv.
Create a line or arrow which points to the bottom left corner of the box.
Shrink the kst window.
  What Happens:
  The box changes size, keeping the corners fixed relative to the TLV.  The arrow shrinks as well, keeping
  the angle fixed so that it no longer points to the bottom left corner of the TLV. The size of the arrow head
  stays fixed.
  What should happen:
  The box behaves correctly.
  The end points of the arrow or line should stay fixed relative to the tlv.
  The size of the arrow head should scale with the TLV size (L+H) (but should keep a fixed aspect ratio).

Grow the kst window:
  What happens.
  The box grows keeping its corners fixed relative to the TLV.
  The arrow does not grow.
  What should happen:
  The box behaves correctly
  The arrow end points should stay fixed relative to the TLV.
  The arrow hea size should scale with the tlv (l+h) but should keep a fixed aspect ratio.

Comments: lines and arrows go from A to B, where A and B are defined relative to the parent.
The UI should just have two handles, at A and B.  There should be no 'rotation mode'.

2) Problem with rotated boxes:
Start kst
Create two boxes.  Rotate one.
Shrink the kst window.
  What happens:
  The un-rotated box changes size, keeping the corners fixed relative to the TLV.
  The rotated box shrinks, keeping its aspect ratio fixed, but drifts in position relative to the TLV.
  What should happen
  The un-rotated box behaves correctly for un-rotated boxes.
  The rotated box scales correctly (it should keep a fixed aspect ratio) but should keep its
  position (center) fixed relative to the tlv.
Now grow the kst window
  What happens:
  The unrotated box grows, keeping its corners fixed relative to the TLV.
  The rotated box does not grow.
  What should happen:
  The un-rotated box behaves correctly for un-rotated boxes.
  The rotated box should scale with the tlv (l+h), with a fixed aspect ratio, and the center
  should stay fixed relative to the TLV.
 
Returning to an original window size should always return to the same state.

3) Problems with elipses:
Repeat (2) with "ellipse" replacing "rotated box".

6) Font sizes in plot
Start Kst
Create a plot
Resize the kst window.
What happens:
  The fonts for the labels stay the same size.
What should happen:
  The fonts should scale with the window size.

7) Circles don't stay circles on parent resize
Create a circle.
Change the aspect ratio of the kst window. (resize it).
What happens:
  The circle becomes an ellipse.
What should happen:
  The circle should stay a circle, and just be resized: circles *always* maintain
  aspect ratio.
 
8) "Edit" from the plot RMB doesn't always bring up the plot dialog.
Create a plot in kst from layout mode
Select Right Click->edit 
What happens:
  a generic view object dialog appears.
What should happen:
  The plot dialog should appear. This is the dialog which appears if you
  do the same thing from a plot with a curve in it
  ("cartesian render menu->edit")

8b) "Edit" from the plot RMB doesn't always bring up the plot dialog.
Create a plot with a curve in it.  Right click outside the plot region, in
the label region.  Again you get the wrong dialog if you select edit.


